I think the preparation process has come
time to talk and about fishing
bait which we will apply on
the river here I put the most
common and catchy in our
area bait on which you can with
catching success like a Lenka like this estate
mean bait artificial mouse is
for fishing in the mouse
night time is a combi tower
universal catches her perfectly
like tannin like or feet need blue fox
number six sword number six heavy
spoons heavy as heavy on wiring
has a very large resistance
petals thicker than water is very difficult
twist
against for all Teflon will
pop up on the surface but loved ones
luster tannins taimen large lenok
well, this fox is taken
Lenok, too, is not taken Myron panther
and heavy shine at the very bottom for
fishing in clean water mepps aglia long
after all, also number 3 number four
exclusively spinners for catching Lenca
blue fox number four move piper baubles
also a good head lenka
for clean water here last year here
such a lingonberry, too, blue fox not bad
It proved itself wagon points
blue fox number five wobbler from grandfather
rapala caught a couple of cases ever
just ignored all the junk
learn exactly that
wobbler as we are about a dream deep deep
spinner goes the very bottom provokes
bite as a rule when a predator is standing
street bottom
and brass max aglia long trovich means in
Arsenal must be
scissors if you have to climb
braided and that's such a device
we used to use medical
the sang card tool is full called
Robin will correct if something is wrong
now in fishing stores
the instrument is sold it is called
suddenly translated into Russian fisherman
Here I have such a friend of a fisherman
20 centimeters also in our arsenal
there should be a knife which is useful for
butchering fish and for loren cooking
food in general but must be
each why should be changed to
sharp must be fasteners
zholy and shine at the very bottom
for fishing in clear water
mepps aglia long is also number 3 number
four
exclusively spinners for catching Lenca
blue fox number four hot pepper spinners
Lenka is also a good head for clean
water
last year here is such a lingonberry
also blue fox not bad myself
recommended this wagon points blue
fox up
5 be able to lure from grandpa rapala me
cases when it is time or just
ignored all the jigging was caught
this wobbler
so we are about to sleep heavy deep lure
Utah bottom itself
provokes bites as a rule when
the predator is worth the bottom street and brass meps
aglia long trovich means in the arsenal
necessarily wanting to shine at the very bottom
for fishing in clear water
mepps aglia long, too, number 3
four
exclusively spinners for catching Lenca
blue fox number four move piper baubles
Lenka is also a good head for clean
water
But last year, such a lingonberry too
blue fox
has a good reputation